## Name of the project
Hodl Token Club

## Description of the project
HodlTokenClub is an web3 organisation focused on capturing yield on xExchange and share it with its investors. We leverage MultiversX NFT's to distribute $HODL token (share of our net worth) and rewards generated on xExchange. 


## Purpose
We are proud to introduce our innovative economic model, which facilitates the growth of Community Farm on xExchange and provides incentives for new users to participate by minting our NFTs and contributing to our ecosystem. Through our model, LKMEX rewards are generated and increase in value as more capital is captured from the minting process. We are pleased to inform you that Community Farm is 100% owned by $HODL token owners.
Our rewards are distributed daily via the #GiveawayEveryday scheme on Twitter. Over the past four months, we have distributed more than 90 million LKMEX to our community members, educated them, and assisted them in farming on DEX. Our project adds value to the entire MultiversX ecosystem by solely focusing on capturing Yield on xExchange, growing our position, sharing a portion of it as rewards with community members, and helping them find the optimal strategy for their own farm.
We never sell the Yield generated in LKMEX and will never do so. All LKMEX rewards come directly from the Founder's personal farm to facilitate the growth of Community Farm while capturing capital from our NFT minting process. We are committed to building a sustainable ecosystem that benefits all stakeholders involved.

## Address of Smart Contract
https://explorer.multiversx.com/accounts/erd1qqqqqqqqqqqqqpgqpvlxt3n9ks66kuq4j8cvcv25k8a5rsx99g6suw5r66

## Smart Contract Code
https://github.com/Shamsham01/hodl-token-club-staking-sc-mx

## Description for every Smart Contract functionality
The user will stake HODL Founder NFT (FHODL-a9ad67) to get access to 50% of the revenue generated by MultiversX xExchange LP Farms. XMEX rewards will be equally distributed among all staked NFTs, user will claim on their end on daily basis. 

## Number of users
219 Hodlers

## Average LKMEX/XMEX used during the previous month
July 2022 - 14,304,295.45 LKMEX
August 2022 - 21,589,709.65 LKMEX
September 2022 - 20,226,932.35 LKMEX
October 2022 - 20,217,769.61 LKMEX
November 2022 - 14,229,330.04 LKMEX
