## Name of the project
[Fill in]
Maiar Wizards

## Description of the project
[What does the project do?]
The Maiar Wizards project is a collection of 10,000 unique non-fungible tokens (NFTs) on the MultiversX blockchain. Each NFT acts as a membership to the Maiar Wizards
community, entitling the owner to a share of the community treasury and granting access to future project developments and airdrops. The community treasury generates 
Locked Mex (LKMEX) which is distributed weekly to NFT holders.

## Purpose
[Why does the project need a transfer role for LKMEX?]
The purpose of the Maiar Wizards project is to provide NFT holders with a share of the LKMEX generated by the community treasury. LKMEX is generated through farming on
the dex using the 'mexromancy' wallet, with 50% of the LKMEX generated by 'maiarwizardstreasury' being reinvested into the farm and 50% being distributed to NFT holders.


## Address of Smart Contract
[address][link on explorer]

https://explorer.multiversx.com/accounts/erd1qqqqqqqqqqqqqpgqk25jkmkz2nm66wvafaa89x9svchasfhf0llqewzyax
## Smart Contract Code
[Post link to github]
https://github.com/LightAssassin89/SC-Claim/blob/main/src/claim.rs

## Description for every Smart Contract functionality
[Post link to github]
https://github.com/LightAssassin89/SC-Claim/blob/main/README.md

## Number of users
## Average LKMEX used during the previous month
As of November 14th, 2022, the Maiar Wizards project has successfully distributed LKMEX tokens to 221 wallets, with an average distribution of 8 million LKMEX in October
2022. This distribution effort has been ongoing since January 2022. Due to recent changes, the weekly distribution of LKMEX has been temporarily halted. However, we have
deployed a smart contract on mainnet and are currently seeking whitelisting to resume our weekly distribution efforts as soon as possible.
