# Template to request LKMEX `transferRole`

## Transferability

To conserve its energy and protect its benefits, old and new LKMEX will no longer be transferable, subsequently bound to
the account where it is currently held. Some limited transfers for LKMEX will continue to be allowed - check the 
economics paper for more details.

Other services and products beyond xExchange can request transfer roles which will have to be authorized by governance 
votes. Before the xExchange (Maiar DEX 2.0) launch, projects can submit a request to be whitelisted via Github.

We will consider eligible for transferRole only projects and smart contracts serving as catalysts for user adoption and 
those who bring valuable use cases (for example, use cases that go against the principles outlined above, where LKMEX 
rules are overridden, re-enabling selling or buying will not be eligible). After the xExchange (Maiar DEX 2.0) launch, 
pre-whitelisted projects and SCs will potentially be revisited through a governance call.

The project has to make a pull request in the current repository, where it adds a new file in the LKMEX-whitelist 
folder by filling in the existing template document. The name of the document should be the name of the project.

Note: Projects will lose the transfer role after upgrading the contract. You need to make a new pull request, where 
new code updates brought to the smart contract must be explained and motivated.

Projects can also lose their `transferRole` status if the Smart Contract is being used in ways that go against LKMEX 
principles. Questionable activities will be reviewed by the MultiversX team and any Project or Smart Contract found in 
breach of the rules will automatically lose their transferRole status.

Whitelisted projects will be given a transferRole to the wrappedLKMEX tokenID, which is a token that does not 
have energy and is used only by whitelisted projects. 

The whitelisted projects will need to wrap the LKMEX they want to deposit or use. By wrapping it, the LKMEX will 
temporarily “lose” its energy but the energy can be recovered and regained by unWrap it back.

Projects will be able to use the wrappedLKMEX to deposit and use in the whitelisted Smart Contracts. Users who will
get/claim wrappedLKMEX and will need to unWrap it in order to gain its original energy and convert it back  to LKMEX v2 
in order to enter liquidity or farms.

wrappedLKMEX does not have the benefits of the LKMEX v2, only after unwrapping you gain all the benefits.

## Name of the project
Maiar Wizards

## Description of the project
The Maiar Wizards project is a collection of 10,000 unique non-fungible tokens (NFTs) on the MultiversX blockchain. Each NFT acts as a membership to the Maiar Wizards community, entitling the owner to a share of the community treasury and granting access to future project developments and airdrops. The community treasury generates Locked Mex (LKMEX) which is distributed weekly to NFT holders.

## Purpose
The purpose of the Maiar Wizards project is to provide NFT holders with a share of the LKMEX generated by the community treasury. LKMEX is generated through farming on the dex using the 'mexromancy' wallet, with 50% of the LKMEX generated by 'maiarwizardstreasury' being reinvested into the farm and 50% being distributed to NFT holders.

## Address of Smart Contract
https://explorer.elrond.com/accounts/erd1qqqqqqqqqqqqqpgqk25jkmkz2nm66wvafaa89x9svchasfhf0llqewzyax
## Smart Contract Code
https://github.com/LightAssassin89/SC-Claim/blob/main/src/claim.rs

## Description for every Smart Contract functionality
https://github.com/LightAssassin89/SC-Claim/blob/main/README.md

## Number of users
## Average LKMEX used during the previous month
As of November 14th, 2022, the Maiar Wizards project has successfully distributed LKMEX tokens to 221 wallets, with an average distribution of 8 million LKMEX in October 2022. This distribution effort has been ongoing since January 2022. Due to recent changes, the weekly distribution of LKMEX has been temporarily halted. However, we have deployed a smart contract on the mainnet and are currently seeking whitelisting to resume our weekly distribution efforts as soon as possible.
